com/example/daggerhiltexample/di/NetworkModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.di.NetworkModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.di.NetworkModule_ProvideOkHttpClientFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/daggerhiltexample/di/NetworkModule_ProvideApiHelperFactory.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.di.NetworkModule_ProvideApiHelperFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_daggerhiltexample_CustomApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_daggerhiltexample_CustomApplication_GeneratedInjector
com/example/daggerhiltexample/ui/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.ui.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/example/daggerhiltexample/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
dagger/hilt/internal/processedrootsentinel/codegen/_com_example_daggerhiltexample_CustomApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.processedrootsentinel.codegen._com_example_daggerhiltexample_CustomApplication
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/example/daggerhiltexample/BR.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.BR
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/example/daggerhiltexample/di/NetworkModule_ProvideApiServiceFactory.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.di.NetworkModule_ProvideApiServiceFactory
com/example/daggerhiltexample/CustomApplication_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_daggerhiltexample_ui_ActivityViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_daggerhiltexample_ui_ActivityViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_daggerhiltexample_ui_ActivityViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_daggerhiltexample_ui_ActivityViewModel_HiltModules_BindsModule
com/example/daggerhiltexample/databinding/FragmentSearchBinding.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.databinding.FragmentSearchBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_daggerhiltexample_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_daggerhiltexample_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/daggerhiltexample/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.BuildConfig
com/example/daggerhiltexample/network/NetworkHelper_Factory.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.network.NetworkHelper_Factory
com/example/daggerhiltexample/ui/ActivityViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.ui.ActivityViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.ui.ActivityViewModel_HiltModules_KeyModule_ProvideFactory$InstanceHolder
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_daggerhiltexample_di_RoomDBModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_daggerhiltexample_di_RoomDBModule
com/example/daggerhiltexample/di/NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.di.NetworkModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
com/example/daggerhiltexample/network/ApiHelperImpl_Factory.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.network.ApiHelperImpl_Factory
com/example/daggerhiltexample/databinding/FragmentHomeBindingImpl.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.databinding.FragmentHomeBindingImpl
com/example/daggerhiltexample/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.DataBindingTriggerClass
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_daggerhiltexample_di_NetworkModule.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_daggerhiltexample_di_NetworkModule
com/example/daggerhiltexample/ui/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.ui.Hilt_MainActivity
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.ui.Hilt_MainActivity$1
dagger/hilt/internal/aggregatedroot/codegen/_com_example_daggerhiltexample_CustomApplication.java
 dagger.hilt.internal.aggregatedroot.codegen._com_example_daggerhiltexample_CustomApplication
com/example/daggerhiltexample/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/daggerhiltexample/Hilt_CustomApplication.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.Hilt_CustomApplication
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.Hilt_CustomApplication$1
hilt_aggregated_deps/_com_example_daggerhiltexample_ui_home_HomeFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps._com_example_daggerhiltexample_ui_home_HomeFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/daggerhiltexample/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/example/daggerhiltexample/DaggerCustomApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.DaggerCustomApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.DaggerCustomApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$1
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.DaggerCustomApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCBuilder
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.DaggerCustomApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityCImpl
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.DaggerCustomApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.DaggerCustomApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.DaggerCustomApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.DaggerCustomApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$Builder
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.DaggerCustomApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCBuilder
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.DaggerCustomApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$FragmentCImpl
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.DaggerCustomApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.DaggerCustomApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ServiceCImpl
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.DaggerCustomApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.DaggerCustomApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCBuilder
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.DaggerCustomApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewCImpl
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.DaggerCustomApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCBuilder
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.DaggerCustomApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.DaggerCustomApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewModelCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.DaggerCustomApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.DaggerCustomApplication_HiltComponents_SingletonC$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
com/example/daggerhiltexample/repo/TvShowsRepo_Factory.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.repo.TvShowsRepo_Factory
com/example/daggerhiltexample/databinding/CustomTvShowLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.databinding.CustomTvShowLayoutBinding
com/example/daggerhiltexample/TvShowDao_Impl.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.TvShowDao_Impl
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.TvShowDao_Impl$1
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.TvShowDao_Impl$2
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.TvShowDao_Impl$3
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.TvShowDao_Impl$4
com/example/daggerhiltexample/CustomApplication_HiltComponents.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_HiltComponents
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_HiltComponents$SingletonC
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelC$Builder
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_HiltComponents$ViewModelCBuilderModule
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/example/daggerhiltexample/ui/home/HomeFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.ui.home.HomeFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/daggerhiltexample/ui/home/Hilt_HomeFragment.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.ui.home.Hilt_HomeFragment
com/example/daggerhiltexample/AppDatabase_Impl.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.AppDatabase_Impl
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.AppDatabase_Impl$1
com/example/daggerhiltexample/ui/ActivityViewModel_Factory.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.ui.ActivityViewModel_Factory
com/example/daggerhiltexample/di/RoomDBModule_ProvideTvShowsDAOFactory.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.di.RoomDBModule_ProvideTvShowsDAOFactory
com/example/daggerhiltexample/di/RoomDBModule_ProvideAppDatabaseFactory.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.di.RoomDBModule_ProvideAppDatabaseFactory
com/example/daggerhiltexample/db/DataBaseHelperImpl_Factory.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.db.DataBaseHelperImpl_Factory
com/example/daggerhiltexample/di/RoomDBModule_ProvideDatabaseNameFactory.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.di.RoomDBModule_ProvideDatabaseNameFactory
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.di.RoomDBModule_ProvideDatabaseNameFactory$InstanceHolder
com/example/daggerhiltexample/databinding/CustomTvShowLayoutBindingImpl.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.databinding.CustomTvShowLayoutBindingImpl
com/example/daggerhiltexample/CustomApplication_ComponentTreeDeps.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.CustomApplication_ComponentTreeDeps
com/example/daggerhiltexample/ui/ActivityViewModel_HiltModules.java
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.ui.ActivityViewModel_HiltModules
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.ui.ActivityViewModel_HiltModules$BindsModule
 com.example.daggerhiltexample.ui.ActivityViewModel_HiltModules$KeyModule
